How-to, Managing Users + other sections (#166)
permitio/docs: docs/how-to/build-policies/policy-basics.mdx

import createResource from "/static/ui-videos/policy-basics/creating-a-resource.mp4";
import createUser from "/static/ui-videos/policy-basics/creating-a-user.mp4";
import assignMultipleRoles from "/static/ui-videos/policy-basics/assigning-multiple-roles.mp4";
import givePermissions from "/static/ui-videos/policy-basics/giving-permissions-to-role.mp4";
import createTenant from "/static/ui-videos/policy-basics/create-a-new-tenant.mp4";
import switchTenant from "/static/ui-videos/policy-basics/switching-between-tenants.mp4";
import switchView from "/static/ui-videos/policy-basics/changing-policy-view.mp4";

Writing and maintaining good authorization policies is hard.
The **[Policy Editor](https://app.permit.io/policy-editor)** plays a centric part into what we offer at Permit. It was
designed to take away the hassle of dealing with complex code, and offer a UI solution that allows both novice and
experienced users to create and edit authorization policies with ease - with code or low-code interfaces.

We combine the power of a powerful authorization engine with the ease of use of a simple web interface, making us a very desired

> product withing many companies.

Reviewer: Should add at least a little about the code generation - how it's done into policy as code (e.g. Rego, Cedar) in Git, and enabling all the best practices of managing complex logic as code

You can manage policies from the **[Policy Editor](https://app.permit.io/policy-editor)** page.

## What is a Policy?

A policy is a way of defining rules of how permissions are granted. Within each policy, we focus on a hierarchy view of
how permissions are applied.

:::info
A very basic policy consists of **user roles**, **actions**, and **resources**.
:::

:::info
A policy **resides** inside an **environment**.
:::

## Supported Authorization Models

> There are three types of policies that we currently support:

Reviewer: I'd like us to minimize the difference between models - as people don't really care about them.
Instead let's talk about roles, relationships and conditions - which can all be mixed together and added at different stages

:::tip
Usually, each tenant will represent one of the end-customer companies in your product (i.e. the company that you sell to).
:::

Users are contained within tenants, and can only access the resources within their tenant.

:::info
You can use the same user id within multiple tenants, so the user belongs to multiple tenants.
:::

## Using the low-code Policy Editor

The policy editor is the main tool you will be using for enforcing permissions for your users. We put a lot of time into making
sure the experience of using the UI is extremely simple, yet vastly powerful for creating most of your enforcements.

### Creating a role

<video controls>
	<source src={createRole} />
</video>

### Creating a resource

<video controls>
	<source src={createResource} />
</video>

### Adding a user and assigning a role

<video controls>
	<source src={createUser} />
</video>

### Assigning multiple roles to a user

<video controls>
	<source src={assignMultipleRoles} />
</video>

### Giving permissions to a role

<video controls>
	<source src={givePermissions} />
</video>

### Creating a new tenant

<video controls>
	<source src={createTenant} />
</video>

### Switching between tenants

> It's important to notice, that a user within each tenant can have different roles assigned, which of course,

Reviewer: what's with the "/n" here

have different permissions.

<video controls>
	<source src={switchTenant} />
</video>

### Switching the policy editor view

We support two different views for the policy editor - a default block view, but also a grid view. You can change views by toggling
the view buttons in the top right corner of the editor.

<video controls>
	<source src={switchView} />
</video>

## Permit & Cedar Policies

By default, Permit.io uses the Open Policy Agent (OPA) or Cedar and its code based policy language -
which is **[Rego](https://www.openpolicyagent.org/docs/latest/policy-language/)** and **[Cedar](https://www.cedarpolicy.com/en)** -
to create and maintain authorization policies.

Rego and Cedar code can be created by using the low-code Policy Editor UI, or by directly writing code. You can find an
example of what the generated code looks like [here](https://github.com/permitio/generated-policy-example/tree/main/permit/generated/conditionset).

Code created through the editor is merged into a Git repository. The stored policies are then deployed on the fly via **OPAL**
to the multiple **PDP microservices** that you run.

## GitOps

> We support Rego editing via the **GitOps Feature**, in which the policy editor commits the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support policy-as-code editing via the **GitOps Feature**, in which the policy editor commits the
```

> **Rego** or **Cedar** code you generate into a git repository of your choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Rego** or **Cedar** code it generate into a git repository of your choice.
```

> The GitOps feature allows you to **manage all your policies** within Git by **subscribing to a Git repository**, which will all be

Reviewer: subscribing is not the right term
